doc/use-cases/ml.rst, before:

Machine Learning
================

Ploomber has many features specifically tailored to accelerate Machine Learning
workflows.

.. raw:: html

    <div class="mermaid">
    graph LR
        la[Load dataset A] --> ca[Clean] --> fa[Features] --> merge[Merge]
        lb[Load dataset B] --> cb[Clean] --> fb[Features] --> merge
        merge --> train1[NN] --> eval[Evaluate]
        merge --> train2[Random Forest] --> eval
        merge --> train3[SVM] --> eval

    </div>


Data cleaning and feature engineering
*************************************

Data cleaning and feature engineering are highly iterative processes, Ploomber
accelerates them via :ref:`incremental builds <incremental-builds>`, which allow
you to introduce changes to your pipeline and bring results up-to-date without
having to re-compute everything from scratch.

Experiment tracking
*******************

Ploomber also plays nicely with experiment
trackers, `here's an example <https://github.com/ploomber/projects/tree/master/templates/mlflow>`_
showing how to integrate Ploomber with MLflow.

Parallel experiments
********************

To help you find the best performing model, Ploomber allows you to parallelize
Machine Learning experiments. If you're using the Spec API (``pipeline.yaml``),
you can use the :doc:`grid feature  <../cookbook/grid>` to create many tasks
at once with different parameters. If you're using the Python API, you can
easily create highly customized grids of tasks.

Large-scale model training
**************************

If one machine isn't enough, you can parallelize training jobs in a cluster
by :doc:`exporting your pipeline <../deployment/large-scale-training>` to any
of our supported platforms (Kubernetes, Airflow, and AWS Batch).


Deployment
**********

Once you find the best performing model, you can deploy it
for :doc:`batch processing <../deployment/batch>` or as
an :doc:`online API <../deployment/online>`.

Commit message:

adds links to download examples

doc/use-cases/ml.rst, after:

Machine Learning
================

Ploomber has many features specifically tailored to accelerate Machine Learning
workflows.

.. raw:: html

    <div class="mermaid">
    graph LR
        la[Load dataset A] --> ca[Clean] --> fa[Features] --> merge[Merge]
        lb[Load dataset B] --> cb[Clean] --> fb[Features] --> merge
        merge --> train1[NN] --> eval[Evaluate]
        merge --> train2[Random Forest] --> eval
        merge --> train3[SVM] --> eval

    </div>


Data cleaning and feature engineering
*************************************

Data cleaning and feature engineering are highly iterative processes, Ploomber
accelerates them via :ref:`incremental builds <incremental-builds>`, which allow
you to introduce changes to your pipeline and bring results up-to-date without
having to re-compute everything from scratch.

Experiment tracking
*******************

Ploomber also plays nicely with experiment trackers, allowing you to train
hundreds of models and track the results.

.. collapse:: Example: Integration with MLflow

    `Instructions <https://github.com/ploomber/projects/tree/master/templates/mlflow>`_

    .. code-block:: console

        pip install ploomber
        ploomber examples -n templates/mlflow -o ploomber-mlflow


Parallel experiments
********************

To help you find the best performing model, Ploomber allows you to parallelize
Machine Learning experiments.

.. collapse:: Example: Running a grid of experiments in parallel


    .. code-block:: console

        pip install ploomber
        ploomber examples -n cookbook/grid -o grid


Large-scale model training
**************************

If one machine isn't enough, you can parallelize training jobs in a cluster
by :doc:`exporting your pipeline <../deployment/large-scale-training>` to any
of our supported platforms (Kubernetes, Airflow, and AWS Batch).


Deployment
**********

Once you find the best performing model, you can deploy it
for :doc:`batch processing <../deployment/batch>` or as
an :doc:`online API <../deployment/online>`.
